Hello, I'm Kim Jeong Ah, a nurse practitioner
working at Eminent Hospice
Care.
In the last video, I talked about the death of the
patient
after he
was admitted by the hospice.
Today, I will explain about the death of the patient
after he
was admitted by the hospice.
First, the hospital. The patient who goes back to
the hospital is
a nurse
who went back to the hospital after he was admitted
by the
hospice.
The next is the death of the patient at the nursing
home.
If the patient in the nursing home finds that the
patient's heart
stops and
does not breathe, it is important to have an
advanced directive.
When the patient is poisoned, it is a procedure that
has been
decided in
advance about how to behave.
It is said that it is a POLST-physicist order for
life-sustaining treatment.
It is a bit awkward to speak in Korean, but it is
called a
doctor's order related to life extension treatment.
It is said that it is a POLST-death procedure in
Korean.
Usually, it is a pink paper, but when the heart
stops, it
is shown
whether or not to do a heart surgery.
If you have to do a heart surgery, it is a case
of a
check-up under the CPR.
At this time, the doctor's order is to run a heart
surgery
and call
911 to the hospital.
There are cases where patients work out a lot.
If you have to do a heart surgery, you have to check
CPR, cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
At this time, the doctor's order is to run a heart
surgery
and call 911.
That's why you have to send it to the hospital.
In the case of patients who work out a lot, they
only
think of
CPR as a heart massage.
The meaning of doing CPR is not only the heart
massage, but
also the heart electric shock.
It means that you will do all the organ and heart
surgery.
If you don't do a heart surgery, it is a case of
a DNA donor resuscitate.
At this time, the patient doesn't do a heart
surgery.
After the doctor's order, after calling the family,
the family will take
you to the doctor's office.
But if it's not a DNA, as I told you earlier, the
doctor's order
is to start a heart surgery and call 911.
911 has to do all the procedures that can cause a
patient's
heart surgery.
You can take you to the hospital, and you can do a
heart surgery at that place.
When you call 911 at a nursing hospital, there is a
paramedic
ambulance.
At some times, there are cases where the fire
department and the
police come together.
In Korean, there are times when the ambulance, the
fire department, and
the police car come together.
Because they are in charge of emergency services in
these three places,
they come
out of the place where they can come first,
and the rest do not arrive on time or come to the
situation.
According to the case, the police came and there was
no doubt
about the death.
After the investigation, when the investigation is
over, you can call the
doctor.
However, if the police have doubts about this death,
they will investigate
more and
contact the county coroner.
The county coroner is called a test room.
When you come out of this test room, you will decide
whether
to come
and go to the place where you are in charge of
emergency
services.
If you go to the test room, you will be in charge
of emergency
services again at the test room.
Lastly, if you are in a home or a nursing home, you
have to call 911.
If you are not in hospice, if you are in a nursing
home or
a nursing home, you have to call 911.
When you call 911, just like I said earlier, a team
of
paramedics, fire
department, or the police comes out first.
In general, there are emergency services in
paramedics.
Most nursing hospitals have a POLST office, but they
have a POLST-death
facility,
but there are no people who have a home or a nursing
hotel,
and even if you go back, there are no people who can
officially call 911.
So, you have to come to 911 and check if there is
a DNR,
and if you don't have it, you have to carry out all
the procedures for a lifetime.
Nevertheless, if you go back, you have to do
POLST-death operation,
and you have to investigate whether the police are a
natural death
or a suspicious death.
In the same way as a nursing hospital,
the worst case is when the police call the county
coronervirus and
have to
do POLST-death operation.
First of all, the family is already in shock due to
sudden
death, and
until the investigation is over, the police can't
touch or move the
child,
so the family gets through a mentally difficult
situation once again.
So, especially for those of you who are at home,
I recommend the hospice to prevent the complicated
process of having to
go through death.
If the patient who doesn't do the hospice dies, the
chief doctor
will help
you with the necessary procedures for the death of
the patient.
Then I would like to talk more about the funeral.
Our company mainly has patients at L.A. and Orange
County.
So, people who are at L.A.
and in this neighborhood use a lot of Korean funeral
services.
When the patient goes back, they take him to the
funeral,
and after that, they do the funeral service.
In the funeral service, they invite customers to the
funeral, and after
all the
funeral services are finished, they move to the
funeral or the dressing
room.
In general, the funeral services run by Koreans are
easy to talk
about,
and because the culture is the same, they take care
of everything
in Korean,
so Koreans prefer Korean funeral services.
There are cheap and expensive places for American
funeral services.
Rather than doing it on your own, there are many
choices,
and there are many cases where you feel
uncomfortable due to other
cultures,
so Koreans prefer Korean funeral services that are a
bit expensive,
and are more culture-friendly.
Among foreign funeral services, there is a company
that provides funeral services
at the funeral site.
So when you go back, you can do the funeral service,
and
you can
bring it to the funeral without moving,
so it's a bit expensive.
The cost of the funeral is very different from the
funeral service,
and the
more you put it in advance,
the more you can compare the price or service, so
it's better
to prepare in advance.